Refining the Deversus Quantization Documentation (#802)
siliconflow/onediff: src/onediff/quantization/README.md

1. [OneDiff Installation Guide](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/README_ENTERPRISE.md#install-onediff-enterprise)
2. [OneDiffx Installation Guide](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/tree/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions#install-and-setup)

3.Install plotly 
```bash
python3 -m pip install plotly 
```
## Online Quant

First, you need to download [SDXL](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0) model.
If you are a multi card user, please select the graphics card that executes the program
1. Set CUDA device using export CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=7.

**Note**: The log *.pt file is cached. Quantization result information can be found in `cache_dir`/quantization_stats.json.

# Baseline (non-optimized)
**Note: You can obtain the baseline by running the following command**

```bash
python onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_online_quant.py \
        --model_id  /PATH/TO/YOU/MODEL  \
        --seed 1 \
        --backend torch  --height 1024 --width 1024 --output_file sdxl_torch.png
```

# OneDiff Quant(optimized)

**Note: You can run it using the following command**

```bash

> python onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_online_quant.py \

Reviewer: SDXL Timings for 30 steps at 1024x1024
| Accelerator             | Baseline (non-optimized) | OneDiff(optimized) | OneDiff Quant(optimized) |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------------ |
| NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3090 | 8.03 s                   | 4.44 s ( ~44.7%)   | 3.34 s ( ~58.4%)         |

- torch   {version: 2.2.1+cu121}
- oneflow {git_commit: 710818c, version: 0.9.1.dev20240406+cu121, enterprise: True}
- diffusers {version: '0.26.0'}

参考 text_to_image_online_quant.py 脚本 加下 sd1.5 的性能测试。

        --width 1024 \
        --output_file sdxl_quant.png   \
        --quantize \
        --conv_mae_threshold 0.1 \
        --linear_mae_threshold 0.2 \
        --conv_compute_density_threshold 900 \
        --linear_compute_density_threshold 300
```
The parameters of the preceding command are shown in the following table
| Option                                 | Range  | Default | Description                                                                  |
| -------------------------------------- | ------ | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| --conv_mae_threshold 0.1               | [0, 1] | 0.1     | MAE threshold for quantizing convolutional modules to 0.1.                   |
| --linear_mae_threshold 0.2             | [0, 1] | 0.2     | MAE threshold for quantizing linear modules to 0.2.                          |
| --conv_compute_density_threshold 900   | [0, ∞) | 900     | Computational density threshold for quantizing convolutional modules to 900. |
| --linear_compute_density_threshold 300 | [0, ∞) | 300     | Computational density threshold for quantizing linear modules to 300.        |

## Offline Quant

> 

Reviewer: 参考原始离线量化文档： https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/README_ENTERPRISE.md#accessing-diffusers-models  
补下画红框处的
<img width="1098" alt="image" src="https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/assets/109639975/89c4e032-0edc-485a-86c7-0dc6e384a15c">

Reviewer: 报错： 这个sd-1.5-onediff-enterprise和sd-1.5-onediff-deepcache 用的是离线量化好的模型，可以加载， 不能用在线量化脚本再次量化。

`README_ENTERPRISE.md` 中只有离线量化文档，在其中加个你这边文档链接过去。

To load the quantized model, run the script like this
```bash
python ./src/onediff/quantization/load_quantized_model.py \
        --prompt "a photo of an astronaut riding a horse on mars" \
        --height 1024 \
        --width 1024 \
        --num_inference_steps 30 \
        --quantized_model ./quantized_model
```

To quantify a custom model as int 8, run the following script
```bash

> python ./src/onediff/quantization/quant_pipeline_test.py \

Reviewer 2: 这个耗时长的事情，与 @ccssu 再确认下。不过如果真是一个问题，也可以在另外的 PR 里解决（和本文档无关）

> python ./src/onediff/quantization/quant_pipeline_test.py \

Author: 我再次运行脚本发现是量化的模型不对，如果用sd1.5可以40分钟跑完，如果是sdxl的时间就很长

<p align="center">
<img src="../../../imgs/onediff_logo.png" height="100">
</p>

## <div align="center">OneDiff Quant 🚀 NEW Documentation</div>
OneDiff Enterprise offers a quantization method that reduces memory usage, increases speed, and maintains quality without any loss.

> **Note**: Before proceeding with this document, please ensure you are familiar with the [OneDiff Community](./README.md) features and OneDiff ENTERPRISE  by referring to the  [ENTERPRISE Guide](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/README_ENTERPRISE.md#install-onediff-enterprise)

Reviewer 2: 后面那个 ` [ENTERPRISE Guide]` 的链接，也改成相对引用吧，这样即使分支变更了，也更容易保持一致性。

You need to complete the following environment dependency installation
1. [OneDiff Installation Guide](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/README_ENTERPRISE.md#install-onediff-enterprise)
2. [OneDiffx Installation Guide](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/tree/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions#install-and-setup)

3.Install plotly 
```bash
python3 -m pip install plotly 
```
## Online Quant

First, you need to download [SDXL](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0) model.
If you are a multi card user, please select the graphics card that executes the program
1. Set CUDA device using export CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=7.

**Note**: The log *.pt file is cached. Quantization result information can be found in `cache_dir`/quantization_stats.json.

> # Baseline (non-optimized)

Reviewer 2: 我觉得还是要多想下内容的结构和顺序。比如在线量化、离线量化、带优化的量化这些内容的关系和顺序。

以及最好一开始概述下本文的主要内容。

甚至看是否要加上集中量化方式的优缺点对比（或者说使用场景推荐）。

```bash
python onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_online_quant.py \
        --model_id  /PATH/TO/YOU/MODEL  \
        --seed 1 \
        --backend torch  --height 1024 --width 1024 --output_file sdxl_torch.png
```

# OneDiff Quant(optimized)

Here's the optimized results, Timings for 30 steps in Diffusers-SDXL at 1024x1024
| Accelerator             | Baseline (non-optimized) | OneDiff(optimized) | OneDiff Quant(optimized) |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------------ |
| NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3090 | 8.03 s                   | 4.44 s ( ~44.7%)   | 3.34 s ( ~58.4%)         |

- torch   {version: 2.2.1+cu121}
- oneflow {git_commit: 710818c, version: 0.9.1.dev20240406+cu121, enterprise: True}

Here's the optimized results, Timings for 30 steps in Diffusers-SD-1.5 at 1024x1024
| Accelerator             | Baseline (non-optimized) | OneDiff(optimized) | OneDiff Quant(optimized) |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------------ |
| NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3090 | 6.87 s                   | 3.41 s ( ~50.3%)   | 3.13 s ( ~54.4%)         |

- torch   {version: 2.2.2+cu121}

> - oneflow {git_commit: 710818c, version:  0.9.1.dev20240403+cu122, enterprise: True}

Reviewer 2: 如果不是必要要求，这些 commit 号可以省掉。否则读者容易以为，必须要这个 commit 号的版本。

| Accelerator             | Baseline (non-optimized) | OneDiff(optimized) | OneDiff Quant(optimized) |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------------ |
| NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3090 | 8.03 s                   | 4.44 s ( ~44.7%)   | **3.34 s ( ~58.4%)**         |

- torch   {version: 2.2.1+cu121}
- oneflow {version: 0.9.1.dev20240406+cu121, enterprise: True}

Here's the optimized results, Timings for 30 steps in Diffusers-SD-1.5 at 1024x1024
| Accelerator             | Baseline (non-optimized) | OneDiff(optimized) | OneDiff Quant(optimized) |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------------ |
| NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3090 | 6.87 s                   | 3.41 s ( ~50.3%)   | **3.13 s ( ~54.4%)**         |

- torch   {version: 2.2.2+cu121}
- oneflow {version:  0.9.1.dev20240403+cu122, enterprise: True}

**Note**: Before proceeding with this document, please ensure you are familiar with the [OneDiff Community](../../../README.md) features and OneDiff ENTERPRISE  by referring to the  [ENTERPRISE Guide](../../../README_ENTERPRISE.md#install-onediff-enterprise)

> - [OneDiff Quant 🚀 NEW Documentation](#onediff-quant--new-documentation)

Reviewer 2: 这一级可以省去，因为是本文的总标题，没有什么实质内容。

  - [Prepare environment](#prepare-environment)
  - [Online Quant](#online-quant)
  - [Offline Quant](#offline-quant)
  - [Baseline (non-optimized)](#baseline-non-optimized)
  - [OneDiff Quant(optimized)](#onediff-quantoptimized)
  - [Quantify a custom model](#quantify-a-custom-model)
  - [Community and Support](#community-and-support)

## Prepare environment

> You need to complete the following environment dependency installation

Author: done

1. [OneDiff Installation Guide](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/README_ENTERPRISE.md#install-onediff-enterprise)
2. [OneDiffx Installation Guide](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/tree/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions#install-and-setup)

3.Install requirements 
```bash

> pip install -r requirements.txt

Author: 已删除requirements.txt，因为修改了示例文件对于这个包的调用，并且加上这个requirement显得文档不太美观。

```
## Online Quant

> First, you need to download [SDXL](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0) model.

Reviewer 2: 这里容易让人误会，以为只支持 sdxl，还是要交代下背景

Author: done

> If you are a multi card user, please select the graphics card that executes the program

Reviewer 2: 这句感觉可以不需要了。

> **Note**: The log `*.pt` file is cached. Quantization result information can be found in `cache_dir/quantization_stats.json`.

Reviewer 2: 这句不大清楚是干嘛的

Author: fixed

## Offline Quant

To load the quantized model, run the script like this
```bash
python ./src/onediff/quantization/load_quantized_model.py \
        --prompt "a photo of an astronaut riding a horse on mars" \
        --height 1024 \
        --width 1024 \
        --num_inference_steps 30 \
        --quantized_model ./quantized_model
```

> To quantify a custom model as int 8, run the following script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To quantify a custom model as int8, run the following script
```

Author: done

```bash
python ./src/onediff/quantization/quant_pipeline_test.py \
        --floatting_model_path "stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0" \
        --prompt "a photo of an astronaut riding a horse on mars" \
        --height 1024 \
        --width 1024 \
        --num_inference_steps 30 \
        --conv_compute_density_threshold 900 \
        --linear_compute_density_threshold 300 \
        --conv_ssim_threshold 0.985 \
        --linear_ssim_threshold 0.991 \
        --save_as_float False \
        --cache_dir "./run_sd-v1-5" \
        --quantized_model ./quantized_model 
```

## Baseline (non-optimized)
**Note: You can obtain the baseline by running the following command**

```bash
python onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_online_quant.py \
        --model_id  /PATH/TO/YOU/MODEL  \
        --seed 1 \
        --backend torch  --height 1024 --width 1024 --output_file sdxl_torch.png
```

> ## OneDiff Quant(optimized)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## OneDiff Quant (optimized)
```

Author: done
